README.md, before:

# Pokédex-id

Pokédex-id (ポケモン図鑑, Pokemon Zukan, lit. "Illustrated Pokémon Encyclopedia") is an electronic device designed to catalogue and provide information regarding the various species of Pokémon featured in the Pokémon video game, anime and manga series. Search for a Pokémon by name or using it's National Pokédex number.

Pokédex-id is developed using pokemon API and uses styled components to create its appearance.

## Preview

![pokedex-id](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71351196/142396141-ecbeb7f2-0a52-4f08-ad22-19ef5504f5a9.PNG)

Preview Pokédex-id : [Here](https://id-prawito.github.io/pokedex-id/)

## Download and Usage

To begin using this project, choose one of the following options to get started:

* Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/id-prawito/pokedex-id.git`
* [Fork, Clone, or Download on GitHub](https://github.com/id-prawito/pokedex-id)

Basic Usage

After downloading, or clone you can do `npm install` and `npm start` to see this project. To preview the changes, you can open the file in this project and edit the code.

Commit message:

add note in readme.md

README.md, after:

# Pokédex-id

Pokédex-id (ポケモン図鑑, Pokemon Zukan, lit. "Illustrated Pokémon Encyclopedia") is an electronic device designed to catalogue and provide information regarding the various species of Pokémon featured in the Pokémon video game, anime and manga series. Search for a Pokémon by name or using it's National Pokédex number.

Pokédex-id is developed using pokemon API and uses styled components to create its appearance.

## Preview

![pokedex-id](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71351196/142396141-ecbeb7f2-0a52-4f08-ad22-19ef5504f5a9.PNG)

Preview Pokédex-id : [Here](https://id-prawito.github.io/pokedex-id/)

## Download and Usage

To begin using this project, choose one of the following options to get started:

- Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/id-prawito/pokedex-id.git`
- [Fork, Clone, or Download on GitHub](https://github.com/id-prawito/pokedex-id)
- Note: using node.js version 16.8.0

Basic Usage

After downloading, or clone you can do `npm install` and `npm start` to see this project. To preview the changes, you can open the file in this project and edit the code.
